# PROCESS-MINING
Process mining is a methodology used for discovering real time processes and then monitoring and improving these by extracting knowledge that can be obtained from event logs. These event log data can be readily available in different information systems. It is not difficult to extract the different executions steps in an organization since, we can get the event log information. As there are several information with in an event log data and these includes information, such as an activity, a time stamp value which indicates the start and end time of events, operators information, information about resources consumed, and so on. However, the existing methods posses some drawbacks related with uncertainty while processing. Similarly, existing techniques where concentrating on frequency matrix, which can not processes a better process model. Thus, the system uses an improved frequency matrix method along with a predictive power score matrix and correlation matrix to generate a process model. Furthermore, it identifies both selective as well as parallel structures through an improved frequency matrix. Combined with the maximum entropy principle, an inductive miner is being used additionally so as to avoid the problems related with loops, and we can get a Petri net based process model from a directed graph.

Petri nets are most common formalism to express a process model. A Petri net can be represented for all process models in which it will depict as a directed bipartite graph. In a petri net the entire structure can be shown as nodes along with transitions and places. The major advantage of using petri nets is that it can be shown as different places and the corresponding transitions. Arcs are connecting places to transitions and transitions to places, and have an associated weight. 
A transition be obtained, if each of its input places contains a number of tokens that is at least equal to the weight of the arc connecting the place to the transition [10]. When a transition is fired, then tokens are removed from the input places according to the weight of the input arc, and are added to the output places according to the weight of the output arc. A marking is a state in the Petri net that associates each place to a number of tokens and is uniquely associated to a set of enabled transitions that could be fired according to the marking.
